# 1. UML dynamic or static（Difference，Example）

- Static diagrams describe the **properties** the object network can have, it shows the **structure** of system and how different elements or components are related to each. (Class diagram)
- Dynamic diagrams describe what **happens** in object network, it describe the **behavior** of the system.  (Sequence Diagram)
# 2. Iterative development and Incremental development.
### Iterative Development
- development is organised as a repeated completion of the development activities
### Incremental development
- Here the focus of the development is initially developing a prototype
- Then subsequent phases will add new functionality to the prototype or improve the existing functionality

### Compare and Contrast
- Compare: These two ideas are very compatible, both break development into iterations but have a different focus.
- Constrast: 
    - Iterative development is focused on the organisation of different activities
    - Incremental development is focused on what functionality is developed and when
# 3. What is cohesion? Why is it important that a class be cohesive?

# 4. Waterfall model (Def, Adv, Disadv)
**Plan-driven model. Separate and distinct phases of specification and development.**
| Advantages | Disadvantages |
| ---------- | ------------- |
| Clear structure with milestones | Management of risk in projects |
| Documentation read for the next stage | Treatment of requirements |
# 5. Unified Porcess 5 steps
- UP includes activities such as requirements analysis,  analysis, design, implementation, and testing.
- UP assumes that models are important in software development
# 6. Target of Analysis/Realisation
>Analysis is the task of describing how interacting object can perform the use cases.

**Target**: A big part of this is proving that the **task is possible**
We use a technique known as **realisation**
# 7. Explain briefly the layered architecture pattern. How does this effect dependencies?
>Layered architectures are designed to help build stable designs.
>Key idea is **management of dependencies**

- The concept is to allocate different responsibilities to different subsystems
# 8. MVC pattern
- **Model** classes responsible for maintaining data
- **View** classes responsible for presenting data
- **Control** classes responsible for managing functionality
> Key idea is management of dependencies (again)
# 9. SOLID
### Single Responsibility Principle (每个类只能有一个责任)
- **Each class should have only one responsibility**, meaning it should do one thing and do that thing well.

If we follow this principle (**Desired result**):
- Changes to our system will require **only changes to parts of the code**
- Make your code much easier to **debug**, **test** and **maintain**
### Open Closed Principle (向扩展开放，向更改关闭)
- Software components should be open for extension but closed for modification.

|               | Open                                                   | Closed                                                       |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| **Condition** | If it is still available for extension                 | If it is not subject to further change                       |
| **Effect**    | This means **adding to or enlarging** its capabilities | It should **not change** and adversely affect the rest of the design |
### Liskov Substitution Principle (子类型必须能够完全替换其父类型！)
- Subtypes must be substitutable for their base types without having to alter the base type.
### Interface Segregation Principle (使用接口的对象可以自由选择使用的内容)
- Clients should not be forced to depend on properties and methods that they do not use.

### Dependency Inversion Principle (高层模块与底层模块分离，使它们都依赖于抽象，而不是具体实现)
- High-level modules should not depend on low-level modules. Both should depend on abstractions.
- Abstractions should not depend on details. Details should depend on abstractions.
# 10. No Concrete Superclass
# 11. Law of Demester